README.md, before:

# DataScience-LetsRoomie



DataScience repository of Let's Roomie Project, you can access to the project [here](https://github.com/Yuliana-Team-Project-PM).

This repository contains:

- WebScrapper we use to extract data places in Colombia (from www.fincaraiz.com.co). 
- RMD File that generates a Dashboard about the scraped data.



## Developer Team





We are Castor's Dams. A group of Platzi Master' students from Colombia and Mexico. Our team is formed by:

|  Member | GitHub Profile | Country |
| ------- | ---- | ----- |
| Juan Espitia | [Regniek](https://github.com/Regniek) | Colombia |
| Andres Mesa | [andresmesa09](https://github.com/andresmesad09) | Colombia |
| Eduardo Dias | [Eduardo](https://github.com/eduardoGao) | Mexico |
| Juan Cardenas | [Cardenas](https://github.com/Juan9607) | Mexico |
| Jorge Ruiz | [ULTRAJSRM](https://github.com/ULTRAJSRM) | Mexico |



## Data Science Stack



|  Resource  | Objetive |
| ------- | ---- |
| R | Dataset Manipulation, Ploting. |
| RMarkdown | Create Dashboard in HTML and PDF. |
| R Reticulate | Manipulate Python Scripts inside RMarkdown Files. |
| Anaconda | Python envs administration, connection with Rmarkdown. |
| Python | WebScraping and Data manipulation. |
| Pymongo | Mongo Database connection. |



## Requirements



Requirements for Python are inside ` requirements.txt` folder

Requirements for R are: R 3.5.1, `reticulate library`, `rmarkdown library`.

Commit message:

[UPDATE] readme
Add install steps to readme

README.md, after:

# DataScience-LetsRoomie



DataScience repository of Let's Roomie Project, you can access to the project [here](https://github.com/Yuliana-Team-Project-PM).

This repository contains:

- WebScrapper we use to extract data places in Colombia (from www.fincaraiz.com.co). 
- RMD File that generates a Dashboard about the scraped data.



## Developer Team





We are Castor's Dams. A group of Platzi Master' students from Colombia and Mexico. Our team is formed by:

|  Member | GitHub Profile | Country |
| ------- | ---- | ----- |
| Juan Espitia | [Regniek](https://github.com/Regniek) | Colombia |
| Andres Mesa | [andresmesa09](https://github.com/andresmesad09) | Colombia |
| Eduardo Dias | [Eduardo](https://github.com/eduardoGao) | Mexico |
| Juan Cardenas | [Cardenas](https://github.com/Juan9607) | Mexico |
| Jorge Ruiz | [ULTRAJSRM](https://github.com/ULTRAJSRM) | Mexico |



## Data Science Stack



|  Resource  | Objetive |
| ------- | ---- |
| R | Dataset Manipulation, Ploting. |
| RMarkdown | Create Dashboard in HTML and PDF. |
| R Reticulate | Manipulate Python Scripts inside RMarkdown Files. |
| Anaconda | Python envs administration, connection with Rmarkdown. |
| Python | WebScraping and Data manipulation. |
| Pymongo | Mongo Database connection. |



## Install

Requirements for Python are inside ` requirements.txt` folder

To install requirements, you can run  `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

Requirements for R are: R 3.5.1, `reticulate library`, `rmarkdown library`.

To install R requirements, you can run `install.package('rmarkdown')`, `install.package('reticulate')`. Then you must specify the path to the venv  where you install the python requirements. NOTE: In the first chunk (code block) of the .Rmd file is where you can change the path.

Is highly recommend to use Rstudio to run the .Rmd project.
